Add simple troubleshooting sections for exit codes (#6898)
mesosphere/marathon: docs/docs/exit-codes.md

|102        | `PluginInitializationFailure` - Could not load plugin                         |
|103        | `LeadershipLoss` - Lost leadership                                            |
|104        | `LeadershipEndedFaulty` - Leadership ended with an error                      |
|105        | `LeadershipEndedGracefully` - Leadership ended without an error               |
|106        | `MesosSchedulerError` - The Mesos scheduler driver had an error               |
|107        | `UncaughtException` - An internal unknown error could not be handled          |
|108        | `FrameworkIdMissing` The Framework ID could not be read                       |
|109        | `IncompatibleLibMesos` Provided LibMesos version is incompatible              |
|110        | `FrameworkHasBeenRemoved` Framework has been removed via Mesos teardown call  |
|137        | Killed by an external process or uncaught exception                           |

## Troubleshooting Exit Codes

### 102 Plugin Initialization Failure

One or more configured plugins could not be initialized. Please check your plugin configuration and the compatibility of the loaded plugin.

### 108 Missing Framework ID

> The configured zookeeper path contains references to launched app or pod instances. However, it does not provide a Framework ID for registration with Mesos. Marathon will not register without a Framework ID, since this would orphan any existing app or pod instances. Please see the documentation on [Framework ID registration](framework-id.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configured zookeeper path contains references to the launched app or pod instances but it does not contain a Framework ID for registration with Mesos. Marathon will not register without a Framework ID since this would orphan any existing app or pod instances. Please see the documentation on [Framework ID registration](framework-id.html).
```
